Will come back everybody in this video we're going to begin plugging our data set in histograms to see
how they're distributed and to see if there is any particular pattern that seems interesting to us.
This is going to be again like any other of the other videos for educational purposes we should always
be familiar with Howard Dean and looks.
Luckily for everybody who likes building models in this particular case study the FDA process is going
to be a little bit shorter.
We're going to of course do the correlation blood the histograms and the correlation matrix.
But it's going to be it.
And then we're going to jump into the model immediately.
So let's begin with this part the histograms.
Now before we can do anything about plugging histograms we need to make sure that the columns that we
offer to the histogram is actually plausible meaning that we don't care about categorical variables
those have to be removed and any barabar with.
And they have to be removed.
Now in the previous bill we saw that there were no columns that had any.
So that's a positive.
So the only things left to drop out of are temporary data that we're going to give to the histogram
is going to be the user variable the user identifier which we don't care about at all.
The response barabar which is a sign underscore sign and the one categorical variable that we have on
our dataset which is the pay schedule.
So let's do that.
We begin with creating a new data set that is going to have all the data columns that we actually care
plugging into histograms.
So we're going to drop the comp that we want with service calls and we get the names that we know.
So the user identifier is labeled as and ready as we so the categorical variable is co-pays Kitchell.
So that one goes out.
And finally the response variable is esign good.
So we run this and it works.
So we have our new dataset you can see that on the wearable Explorer 2 that we have and you did us in
with three less columns.
So now let's plot our actual histogram.
Now we're going to leverage the fact that we have done this exact same image of multiple histograms
in the previous case studies.
So we're going to copy the code that we learn how to do in those videos with small little changes.
Now let's run over the score really quickly so you understand what's happening.
The first line of the code is you in the figure size.
This is the perfect figure size for my screen.
I personally have a forking screen here but depending on your resolution and your screen size you may
be able to play with this to fit your screen better then the next line is the title of the columns.
So of the entire image which is histograms on the medical columns that's fine.
We give it a font size stuff it's on your screen.
And now we loop that for each of the columns we're going to create a new subplot game we're going to
plot it and we're going to set the title of that plot to the particular column that that plot is representing
all of the story for we're really done before and that is new here.
Now I read these two lines right here because I realize that for the numbers that we're having in the
the features that we're having and also any future move forward this is a good safe guard to make sure
that our plots are not taken too long to display.
So let me explain this in the previous videos and which we did histograms.
We created the bowels parable the bus parable pretty much is a is all of the unique values here.
In your column that you're trying to put.
OK.
So if you have a hundred years in your column then the histogram is going to support up to 100 little
ticks.
OK so all that makes sense now if you have a lot of lot of different numbers a big range especially
for continuous variables like the rescore.
So those can take a very unique value for all of the users.
So in those cases you're going to end up having like dozens and dozens of different possible values
here in balls and appealed to his look function is going to struggle to pretty much create a bane for
all of those possible Balis.
OK.
And although it is going to war is going to take a long time to plot and it may even crash your system
depending on how powerful your system is.
So that is why I created this extra variable here called the boss parable.
Well it disarrayed that the boss Birbal But this is a limit on the boss variable.
So what it does is that if there is more than a hundred unique values for example in the rescore column
then the number of bins are going to default to 100.
That way we make sure that no histogram that is played in this big image is going to have more than
one hundred bins per histogram and that is not going to struggle to plot all of these values.
Okay.
And that's about it.
This is the only change I added to the previous histogram code that we have seen before.
I also have indexed it a little bit differently but that's something that you will want to see if you're
just take a look at the code.
So finally we plot a histogram we can get a color.
We set up a rectangle so that not the overlaps.
Again this is another barabar that you can play around with to fit are screen better and let's run in
and see what we get.
Awesome.
So we have our image of histograms here.
Excellent.
So now let's take a look at this histograms right here.
We have the HD surround which is for the most part we really distribute it.
The other histogram here we see is home owner.
And since this is a binary variable we only have two bars 0 or 1 0 on the left one on the right and
they are somewhat evenly distributed.
So that's not the interest in there.
The income while the income even though there is ups and downs there's like little built in look at
things here.
If we draw a line on top of these types of every of the bars are here we're going to see in kind of
normal distribution that is right skewed.
Okay.
So the income for the most part is like average as in this two to four 4000 range but he has a long
ride tail that can go up to 10000 now.
So here we see months employed.
This is very good and there's a reason why is this column is here.
You're going to see that most of the users play on the Surak particular value and very few everywhere
else.
Okay.
And this is where we're because they shouldn't be the case that so many people have even years of employment.
Meaning that because employment is distributed by years and months and years could be two three and
four and months could be again.
10:59 right.
So it is weird to see that a lot of users have one year exactly and they're months like exactly zero.
So they have one year working at their job flat and or maybe they have two years.
Again most of them ending with the Montsoreau.
So they have a flat two years flat three years flat four years this doesn't seem right.
OK.
Because today's We can assume that the data set here in months employees is not quite accurate.
So this is something good to see.
So we're going to work with this in a bit.
But the reason for this history is to spot things like this that really don't make any sense.
OK.
So your employee seems to be very noble to distribute it with the right as well.
So nothing new here.
The same applies for current address year personal account month and person account here.
Now what also has kind no right skewed but its peak seems to be much short lived and then everything
else skews to the right.
But there's nothing crazy about this.
Now if we move a little bit more to the right we have has that which is most of the people have debt
as compared to those who do not.
As we saw in the described method before we see a mother requested so most of the people request from
like perhaps like 400 or 300 all the way to one thousand to fifteen hundred for the most part.
And then we have a small pool of people who are requesting a lot more.
Now if we look at the risk scores this are built professionally by again financial engineering teams
and things of the sort.
So we pay the distributions for this course to be very stable.
And here we see that distribution is pretty normal looking the same for risk core 2 3 4 5 and even the
external quality scores are normally distributed for the most part.
Rescored 3 looks a little bit like we're.
But if you again draw a line on this sparse and you traced all the lines going on top of all the bars
you're going to see this going to look normal ish.
Okay.
So the final one that we have to explore here are the inquiries the inquiries are spiked up at the beginning
and then they have a right.
Well like most of the plots that we have seen which makes sense Okay.
So you may have some 0 or 1 or 2 increase in the last month because you are trying to get a loan you're
testing different providers to see which ones can give you the best loan.
But if you have had a lot lot a lot more than you're going to be in the minority and that's because
nobody wants so many Harpo's on their credit so they're going to be careful not to do that.
But some people don't know better so they may just do it.
Trying try and end up with a lot of inquiries anyway.
So this is a good visualization.
We're going to take what we learn from these histogram and move into the next steps.
OK.
So thank you very much for watching this video.
See you guys on the next one.